Content-Centric Networking CCNx Reference Implementation

The CCNx reference implementation provides the libraries and components
required to build and run applications that use and demonstrate the
basic CCNx protocols.

The CCNx reference implementation is open source software.  Please see
the file LICENSE for details.

This file provides introductory information in the following sections:

1. Package contents
2. Supported platforms
3. Build and install instructions
4. Running the programs
5. Support and contact information
6. Notices

==================================================
1. Package contents
==================================================

<to be completed>

==================================================
2. Supported platforms
==================================================

OS PLATFORMS

Only Unix-like platforms are currently supported.  CCNx code is tested
on Ubuntu Linux, MacOS, Solaris, and FreeBSD.  Some packaging for
Cygwin is currently provided but is not fully supported and there is
no other support for Windows platforms yet.

C LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS

For parts of the system written in C, you will require a standard
toolchain including gcc, make etc. and the following libraries which
are not included in the distribution.

  libcrypto >= 0.9.8 from openssl available from http://openssl.org/source/
  expat available from http://sourceforge.net/projects/expat/
  libpcap available from http://www.tcpdump.org 
     (optional, needed for certain utilities only)
  
  libxml2 available from xmlsoft.org

In addition, you will need vlc and wireshark to build and use the 
CCNx plugins for those packages.

JAVA LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS

For parts of the system written in Java, CCNx code is tested with Sun
Java JDK 1.5 and 1.6 only.  Please let us know if JDK1.5 support is
important to you, as we plan to eliminate it in the near future.  The
CCNx distribution includes JAR files for a couple of third-party
libraries needed for JDK1.6.  If you are going to run on JDK1.5 you
must obtain a few additional library files independently:

   Bouncy Castle Provider for JDK1.5: bcprov-jdk15-143.jar
   (http://www.bouncycastle.org/download/bcprov-jdk15-143.jar)
   XML Streaming API: jsr173_api.jar AND jsr173_1.0_ri.jar
   (http://jcp.org/aboutJava/communityprocess/final/jsr173/index.html)

Copy the extra JAR files into lib/ AND javasrc/lib.

SPECIAL PLATFORM NOTES

[Fedora]

JDK1.5 on Fedora has been seen to be extremely slow at seeding the
random number generator, which causes major delays for certain
operations such as generating the initial keystore file.  We recommend
using JDK1.6 on Fedora.

==================================================
3. Build and install instructions
==================================================

Roughly:

./configure
make 

(the above is sufficient to run programs locally out of bin/ and lib/)

To install to a standard location on your machine you may also use

make install

==================================================
4. Running the programs
==================================================

<to be completed>

==================================================
5. Support and contact information
==================================================

Please see our website at http://ccnx.org

==================================================
6. Notices
==================================================

CCNx

CCNx is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the appropriate licenses as covered in the file LICENSE
and noted in each source file.

This software is distributed in hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the file
LICENSE for more information.

-------------------------
CRYPTOGRAPHIC SOFTWARE 

This distribution includes cryptographic software.  The country in
which you currently reside may have restrictions on the import,
possession, use, and/or re-export to another country, of
encryption software.  BEFORE using any encryption software, please
check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the
import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software,
to see if this is permitted.  See <http://www.wassenaar.org/> for more
information.

The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and
Security (BIS), has classified this software as Export Commodity 
Control Number (ECCN) 5D002.C.1, which includes information security
software using or performing cryptographic functions with asymmetric
algorithms.  The form and manner of this distribution makes it
eligible for export under the License Exception ENC Technology
Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS Export
Administration Regulations, Section 740.13) for both object 
code and source code.

The included cryptographic software is the Bouncy Castle provider which
is itself classified under ECCN 5D002 and approved for export under
License Exception TSU.  It is included in this distribution for the
convenience of users.

-------------------------
BOUNCY CASTLE 

The Bouncy Castle cryptographic provider redistributed herein is:

Copyright (c) 2000 - 2009 The Legion Of The Bouncy Castle
(http://www.bouncycastle.org)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

-------------------------
JUNIT

The JUnit software redistributed herein is covered under the Common
Public License, and is subject to the following exclusions and
disclaimers from that license:

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely
responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and
distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its
exercise of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to
the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable
laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and
unavailability or interruption of operations.

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR
ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR
DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED
HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

JUnit source code is available from http://github.com/KentBeck/junit

-------------------------
W3C SOFTWARE (XML Schema definitions)

XML Schema definitions are redistributed herein for validation
tests. The file XMLSchema.xsd has been modified to remove a web
reference from schemaLocation as noted in the file included in the
distribution.

Copyright © 2001 World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, European Research Consortium for Informatics and
Mathematics, Keio University). All Rights Reserved. This work is
distributed under the W3C® Software License [1] in the hope that it
will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

    [1] http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231


W3C® SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231

This work (and included software, documentation such as READMEs, or
other related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under
the following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work,
you (the licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will
comply with the following terms and conditions.

Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and
without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include
the following on ALL copies of the software and documentation or
portions thereof, including modifications:

   1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of
   the redistributed or derivative work.
   2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or
   terms and conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice
   should be included (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted)
   within the body of any redistributed or derivative code.
   3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including
   the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the
   location from which the code is derived.)

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR
DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS,
TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR
DOCUMENTATION.

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific,
written prior permission. Title to copyright in this software and any
associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright
holders.

